♪During the dark night♪
♪A guiding light♪
♪Just like you♪
♪Makes life turn bright♪
♪Breaking free from darkness♪
♪You gave me strength♪
♪Running for truth♪
♪I find my path♪
♪Drawing on the hope♪
♪That you render me♪
♪In this long journey♪
♪I run on lightly♪
[Reborn]
[Adapted from Qiang Yu's work, Reborn]
[Jiangzhou University]
Just as Mumu described, campus life
is vibrant and bustling.
Rushing across the campus
for lectures,
sharing dorms with friends
from all over the country,
having dorm meetings every day,
and discussing everything
from national issues to juicy gossip,
from Calculus to Wall Street.
Even though I only chime in
occasionally,
I've already talked
more than I ever did in high school.
You took my picture without my consent.
You have no evidence.
Look at how revealing you're dressed.
You're practically
showing off your body.
Delete the picture, now.
Are you insane?
Delete the picture.
What's going on?
He took my picture.
Who are you?
Why did you do that?
Delete the picture.
Mind your own business.
This is my business. Don't you leave.
Don't leave.
If not, I'll call security.
What has happened, Qingyu?
This guy took her picture.
Call security now.
Qingyu, let's just forget it.
Delete it now.
Do you not want to graduate?
Hello, security.
Please come to the female dorm now.
Don't be afraid. It's not your fault.
Exactly.
There's a pervert here.
Fine, I'll delete it.
Can I go now?
Thank you so much.
You should go back now.
Let's go back to our dorm.
This guy is unbelievable.
What a pervert.
Let's go.
[Psychological Counselors Home]
This way, please.
Aside from sorting out case files,
another part of your job
is receiving visitors.
People visiting for the first time
tend to feel nervous.
Without a buffer,
they might find it hard to relax,
which isn't ideal
for starting a therapy session.
The reception desk is ahead there.
After registering the visitors,
you can try having a brief conversation
with them
or show them the bookshelf over here,
where they can find psychological books.
You're majoring in finance,
so why did you decide
to take a part-time job here?
Well, my mother suffers from depression
and is currently receiving treatment.
During high school, my best friend and I
also went through emotional struggles.
It was Dr. Le Fan
from the provincial hospital
who helped us through it.
So I hope I can do my part
to help people like my mother and me.
In practical therapy sessions,
there are
some effective methods,
like implosive therapy
or sand play therapy.
If you're interested,
you can take the time
to learn more about them
during your time here.
Of course, these therapy techniques
are just tools.
The most healing method
is love.
[Episode 23]
[Behind You, Always]
[Huanzhou People's Hospital]
I'll hold it for you.
It's fine. I'm all good now.
The doctor did say you should relax
and go out for walks.
Hmm.
We've been here for a long time,
non-stop busy,
and none of us have been anywhere.
There's a park nearby.
Let's go there.
Really?
Sure.
Take me to the park.
This place
is just three bus stops away
from Chaoyang Village.
I didn't know
there was a big park here.
Mom, you had so many things
to worry about back then.
I was worried about everything
for no reason, though.
Let's go...
This way.
- This way.
You said your dorm-mate
lost all her money
playing the stock market?
Yeah.
The funny thing
is that she used the method
our securities lecturer taught.
The lecturer then said she had bad luck.
Back in my school days,
we used to do part-time jobs
like folding matchboxes
or picking tea leaves
at a tea plantation.
Young people these days
are something else.
You study and run a business
at the same time.
How's it going at the counseling firm?
Is it tiring?
It's pretty easy.
I get to do something I like,
learn new things,
and even make some money.
That's wonderful.
Qingyu,
it is already exhausting
with all those lectures,
and now you're doing a part-time job.
Don't strain yourself.
We're not short of money.
Remember to keep it for yourself.
There's no need to send money home.
Close your eyes.
I've got a gift for you.
It's from the money you sent home.
I didn't add any.
Is it expensive?
No.
You're an adult now.
Back then, everyone in high school
had phones.
I could tell you also wanted one.
But I was worried
you might get distracted.
Now, you're an adult.
You need your own phone.
Remember to call me often.
Look at them.
Let's go shopping later.
Doll yourself up a bit.
Don't spend all your time studying.
You should learn to dress up,
right?
Carry yourself like a young lady.
Let's go.
[Xingzhou]
Mom.
Yes?
You gave me this pearly hair clip then.
I should give it back to you.
Sure.
Put it in my room.
Let me put it on for you.
What?
Here.
You want to put it on for me?
Don't move. Here.
You look pretty with it on.
Beautiful.
Let's eat!
All right.
Come on.
You all said you wanted a hotpot.
These are your favorites.
Should I give a toast?
Go ahead.
You go first.
First of all, congratulations
on your mom's recovery and discharge.
Also, may Qingyu
do well in her studies in Jiangzhou.
And cheers to us
for moving into such a beautiful home.
I'll say something too.
May your dad's new job go well.
♪Under the sunlight♪
May Jinyu continue his studies,
regardless of his grade.
♪Raise me up, hold me high♪
Hey, Mom.
What kind of blessing is that?
Anyway, our family
will only get better.
Yes.
We'll get better.
Cheers.
♪During the dark night♪
♪A guiding light♪
Let's put some food in it.
Let's start eating.
Hmm.
♪Just like you♪
♪Makes life turn bright♪
The mushrooms are big.
♪Breaking free from darkness♪
I want sugar.
Oh.
I forgot.
Go and get it.
Jeez.
♪Running for truth♪
I want the same sugar Dad got me.
Sure, no problem.
♪Drawing on the hope♪
♪That you render me♪
Dad, Mom,
Yu and I will give you a toast.
Hmm.
To Dad and Mom.
Come on.
Cheers!
Are all the dishes here?
Hmm.
Qingyu.
Hmm?
You know what?
That fellow Hei
just got sentenced.
Guo Hei,
also known as Hei,
gathered others
to cause public disturbances,
assaulted individuals multiple times,
vandalized and destroyed property,
and threatened others,
severely disrupting their livelihood,
which is a serious crime.
The People's Court
hereby convict him of the crime
of picking quarrels
and provoking trouble.
In 2006,
Guo Hei disseminated private information
about his former girlfriend, Qiao,
including her HIV-positive status,
on online platforms.
This has led the victim to experience
severe online abuse,
resulting in her suicide.
He was detained for ten days
by the public security authority.
Due to his history of repeat offenses
and lack of remorse,
the People's Court imposed
a severe penalty.
He has been sentenced
to two years in prison.
He couldn't outrun the law.
Finally, we've avenged Beiyu
and Ming Sheng.
By the way, Qingyu,
did something happen
between you and Ming Sheng?
What?
That day, when Dad and I
were closing up the noodle house,
he suddenly showed up.
[Qiao's Handmade Noodle House]
Sir, a bowl of noodles, please.
We're closed.
Ming Sheng?
What would you like to eat?
Stir-fried noodles.
Okay.
Sir,
please give me more chili
and sugar.
Thank you.
Why are you eating here so late?
I'm leaving tomorrow.
I see.
I don't think people from Huanzhou
can really handle spicy food.
He was trying too hard
to impress but failed.
What else did he say?
I asked him if it was too spicy.
At first, he nodded.
He didn't feel like saying much.
He then mumbled.
I couldn't hear him.
I think it was "unforgettable".
Qingyu?
What? It's nothing.
Did you water my plant?
I did.
That's good, but don't do it again.
Some plants are watered at nighttime.
All right.
Right.
Do you remember this?
When we first moved to Huanzhou,
it was only this tall.
You said it was dead.
Look at it now, it's thriving.
So don't worry too much.
All right, got it.
You cherish them very much.
I'll leave them alone.
Yes. Leave them alone.
Now that the kids have grown up,
we don't need to care too much
about them.
When Yu finishes his NCEE,
it'll just be the two of us at home.
Won't that be easier?
I remember
you mentioned
you wanted to travel somewhere
when we just got married.
Oh, it's Yunnan.
Was it Lijiang or Xishuangbanna?
We've got time now.
Come on.
Here.
Get the money prepared.
How much did you drink?
You've suffered a lot these years.
Go to bed, okay?
I assure you
our life will get better.
Everything will get better.
Oh, it's so sweet. Here.
You can have it.
This is sweet.
It's sweet.
Really.
[Jiangzhou University]
Today's topic
is a common literary device:
using natural imagery to convey emotion.
[Literary Device: using natural imagery]
The author describes the scenery
[to convey emotion]
with strong emotions.
They express their feelings or emotions
through the scenery or the object.
The scenery evokes feelings,
or vice versa,
a natural blend of emotion and imagery.
Here's an example. A great writer
asked his students
to translate a short essay.
A phrase
a man might utter involuntarily,
while walking with a woman
under the moonlight:
"I love you."
Many students adopted
a direct translation.
However, this writer thought
it shouldn't be this way.
It should be translated implicitly.
Does anyone know
how he translated it?
Qiao Qingyu, give it a try.
Ma'am, she might not
be able to answer that.
Qiao Qingyu isn't much into romance.
He thought a direct translation
lacked its essence.
"I love you" should be translated
as "The moon is beautiful tonight."
Subtle yet beautiful.
Blending his affection
into the moonlight that shines on them.
Yes, well said.
Please sit.
Qiao Qingyu.
The moon tonight
is beautiful.
Indeed.
Let's go to sleep.
Qiao Qingyu.
The moon tonight
is truly beautiful.
How's my hair?
You can do this. Go for it.
Go, buddy.
Go, buddy. You got this.
Qiao Qingyu!
The moon is beautiful tonight.
Let's go check it out.
Qiao Qingyu,
the moon is beautiful tonight.
Not this again?
Qiao Qingyu said,
"The moon is beautiful tonight.
But it has nothing to do with you."
That's too mean.
It's all right, buddy.
It's all right.
It's all right. Don't be upset.
Qingyu,
do you know who the guy downstairs was?
He's Chen Ziyun, the most handsome guy
from the graduate school.
His dad is a professor
in our department.
He's quite a good choice.
Maybe you should give it a thought.
I believe
Qingyu has someone she likes.
She's rejected so many guys.
Or maybe she has a broken heart.
Share your story with us, Qingyu.
By the way,
you always go to the lighthouse.
Are you waiting for someone?
Pretty girl,
you're wasting your youth.
Maybe you can ask her
to give you some of her admirers.
[Sheng:]
[Qiao Qingyu, good luck with the NCEE.
Those three wishes will come true!]
Hi.
Here's your coffee.
There's something I need to tell you.
Our cafe will be moving
to Huancheng Road South soon.
This is so sudden.
We don't have a choice.
This area will undergo renovation.
Since you're our regular customer,
I think I should tell you about it.
I noticed you've been coming here
once or twice every month
for the past six months.
I remember you said
you were waiting for someone, right?
Hmm.
I hope you get what you wish for.
This is on me.
Please enjoy.
Qiao Qingyu.
This is mine.
Here you go, Ms. Wang.
Don't make fun of me.
I'm just an intern assistant
here for an academic exchange
with my supervisor.
I happened to have a chance
to catch up with you.
It tastes like the old days.
Do you still think about those days?
I don't know.
Back then, I'd always thought about
when I could leave home
and grow up.
I used to worry about being 18,
but now I worry about being 20.
I remember when we were in high school,
we always asked this question.
Will things get better when we grow up?
Then, I watched a movie.
The girl asked an adult
the same question,
"Will things get better when I grow up?"
And the adult said,
"No, this is life."
Right. This is life.
But luckily,
we've become stronger now.
Hmm.
Well, enough about worries
from the past.
Let's talk about the present ones.
Are your admirers
all lined up from here
to the campus gate?
Don't make fun of me.
What about you?
Me? I'm focused on work.
Oh, right.
Let me take you somewhere.
Let's go.
[Anna's Musical Path]
[I hope your fan signing event
goes well, Ms. Anna. Ming Qiuxin.]
Thank you.
Ms. Anna, may I shake your hand?
Sure.
Thank you, Ms. Anna.
Thank you.
That's Ming Sheng's mom.
Mr. Ming gave me the tickets
for tonight.
His mom probably knows
how Ming Sheng is doing right now.
Ms. Anna, may I take a photo with you?
Sure.
Aren't you curious about Ming Sheng?
It's pointless, even if I am.
It's been so long.
Do you really think
that when he saved you from the blizzard
and planned to run away with you,
it was
just because you were his classmate?
Growing up means
accepting what you can't change
and changing what you can't accept.
I heard Ming Sheng had been helping
his mom prepare for the concert.
He's back.
Thank you.
Mumu, I won't join
the fan signing event.
I have something to attend to,
and I got to go.
Give it to me.
Thank you.
Are you happy?
Hmm.
Guess what wish I just made.
What did you wish for?
My first wish
is to get into my dream university.
My second wish
is for my family
to stay healthy and safe.
What about the third one?
It's a secret. I'm not telling you.
[Qingyu: Will you come back to Huanzhou
for the Chinese New Year?]
I still can't come around.
We were together
after high school graduation.
It's been four years.
But he broke up with me
upon graduation.
I...
I just can't get over him.
I can't accept
that our four-year relationship
is just gone.
Let it out.
You'll feel better.
I called and texted him,
but he ignored me.
I feel like I can't do anything
without him.
Would you be able to let go
if it were you?
Well, you don't have to let go.
No matter how much we try,
it's hard to leave the past behind.
Because it's part
of our life experience.
What we need to do now
is to make good use of the past
for the sake of our future.
Let's consider those upsetting memories
part of our experience.
Even though there are regrets,
I believe there are still nice moments
between you two.
All right.
I'll think about it.
[To Sheng: Will you come back
to Huanzhou for the Chinese New Year?]
Come in please.
Dr. He.
Yes?
Here's the information
about visitors from last month.
I've confirmed it.
I've also called to confirm
all the appointments for next week.
Qingyu,
is your new semester starting soon?
What's your plan afterward?
If you're planning to quit,
well, you see...
I've made up my mind.
I'd like to stay.
I'm hoping to pursue
a master's degree in psychology.
I'll go back to Nanqiao Village
to provide counseling services
for left-behind children.
I welcome you if you want to stay.
But finance is a popular major.
Have you discussed this
with your family?
I made this decision myself.
My parents support me.
That's good.
Then, good luck with your exams.
Let me know if you need anything.
Hi, please have a look.
Thank you.
Fully furnished units on Heping Road,
right by the subways
and a two-minute walk
to a shopping mall.
Kindergartens and primary schools
are located nearby.
Please have a look.
Hi, please take a look.
Thank you.
Hi. Thank you.
Perhaps one day,
we'll be grateful for past mistakes
that helped us grow.
Jinrui,
I hope
you'll visit Nanqiao Village
if there's a chance.
Please refer to the business card below.
Contact me if you need anything.
Sure. Thank you.
Qingyu.
I failed Bei
and your family.
Hi.
Please have a look.
I hope we can all let go of the past
and start over.
Hi, please have a look.
Qingyu.
Here's your letter.
[To Qiao Qingyu]
Seriously? A letter?
Is the sender living in the Stone Age?
[Mail To Future]
[Sent from Huanzhou High School,]
[Binjiang District, Huanzhou,
Jiangnan Province]
Thank you.
I'm off.
♪Perhaps♪
♪The more we care,
the more careful we become♪
♪Counting the distance that separates us♪
♪A single step, and we'd be closer still♪
[Mail To Future]
What are you writing?
It's a secret.
♪Perhaps♪
♪We were afraid of losing♪
They say the person you like
is like a lighthouse on the sea.
♪That's why we were hesitant♪
It pulls us out of the darkness.
You can always see its light,
but it's unreachable.
Perhaps that's the meaning
of a lighthouse.
♪Turns out that what's on my mind♪
There's always a lighthouse
shining just for me.
♪Is your name♪
♪The only stubbornness in my heart♪
It's witnessed
countless separations and reunions.
I strongly believe in
the legend about the lighthouse.
♪Dreams began to feel real♪
♪Turns out that what's on your mind♪
♪Is a place♪
♪Where the same story is held dear♪
♪Fortunately, I'm not sensible enough♪
♪Courage wasn't late too♪
But now is the toughest,
the loneliest time in my life.
You're the only one by my side.
This is a thank-you.
All right. I'll take it.
Well...
This will be a token between us.
[Sheng]
♪Perhaps♪
♪Our thoughts form a bond♪
♪The more we cross paths♪
♪The more we begin to care♪
♪In the future♪
♪Time will reveal this secret♪
♪Waiting is a silent promise♪
♪That never expires♪
I heard you were looking for me.
I came back here before the vacation.
I'm not leaving this time.
Hmm.
Just "hmm"?
Qiao Qingyu,
there's something
I really wanted to ask you.
When we were in Grade 3,
I celebrated your birthday here,
and you made your three wishes.
So, what's the last wish you made?
You don't have to know,
because it has come true.
You gave me this.
You said this is your lucky charm,
which brings you good luck.
Now, I'm returning it to you
because I'm lucky enough.
♪Turns out that what's on my mind♪
♪Is your name♪
♪The only stubbornness in my heart♪
♪At first sight♪
♪The future has been determined♪
♪Dreams began to feel real♪
♪Turns out that what's on your mind♪
♪Is a place♪
♪Where the same story is held dear♪
♪Fortunately, I'm not sensible enough♪
♪Courage wasn't late too♪
I told you.
♪Only then does time
not betray our acquaintance♪
As long as you turn around,
I'll always be there.
They say the person you like
is a lighthouse
forever illuminating on the sea.
It's a promise,
persistence amidst struggles,
and light and hope in the darkness.
Every day, it guides you
toward where true love is.
Even after all the paths I've taken,
they still lead me to you.
I strongly believe in
the legend of the lighthouse:
People who part beneath it
will reunite there.
[The End]
♪Perhaps♪
♪The more we care,
the more careful we become♪
♪Counting the distance
that separates us♪
♪A single step,
and we'd be closer still♪
♪In the future♪
♪Time will reveal this secret♪
♪Waiting is a silent promise♪
♪That never expires♪
♪Turns out that what's on my mind♪
♪Is your name♪
♪The only stubbornness in my heart♪
♪At first sight♪
♪The future has been determined♪
♪Dreams began to feel real♪
♪Turns out that what's on your mind♪
♪Is a place♪
♪Where the same story is held dear♪
♪Fortunately, I'm not sensible enough♪
♪Courage wasn't late too♪
♪Only then does time not betray
our acquaintance♪